Kids Hack Labs
Winter 2021 term
Week 01
Extensions/homework: improving user experience:

Note: All extensions below are based on the in-class activity (number
      guessing game). There is no need to complete them in order

Extensions:
01) Experiment with the random.seed() functionality by using a fixed
    seed. Notice how the target number is always the same
02) Create a welcome message for the user when they start playing
    the game
03) Enable the user to choose the range of numbers they are allowed
    to pick from
04) Enable the user to choose how many guesses they will be given
05) When the user guesses a wrong number, let them know whether their
    guess was higher or lower than the target number.
06) When the user guesses a wrong number, let them know how many
    tries they have left
07) If the user wins the game, let them know how many tries they used
    to get the right answer
08) If the user lost the game, let them know what the target number
    was
09) Get the user's name, and use it throughout the application as if
    the machine were actually talking to the player. Example:
    "Sorry, HErC, you lost the game. The mystery number was 42"
    *Tip: experiment with Python f-strings.*
10) Challenge: Convert the game into a multi-round game. The player
               should be able to play multiple rounds of guesses or
	       type "q" or "Q" to quit. After each round, the user
	       should be asked whether they want to keep playing.
	       Based on the multiple rounds, implement a score system,
	       and print a breakdown of the player's game when they
	       decide to quit.
11) Challenge: Implement data validation: the user should not be able to
               set a higher number lower than the lower number.
	       Alternatively, the range should be automatically created
	       between the two numbers.
	       The user should not be allowed more guesses than the
               total of numbers available in the chosen range. The user
	       should also not be allowed to type numbers outside the
	       specified range.
