Kids Hack Labs
Winter 2021 term
Week 04
Activity:

Item shop class:

Using last week's work as a basis, convert the shop's inventory and 
functionality into a shop class. For now, the customer side should also
be inside the shop class.

The main function should only create a shop object and make it run.
(this means that the main function should only have about three lines
of code).

The program flow should be the same as last week's, allowing the 
customers to buy items, check them, and check their own balance. Each
different piece of functionality must be encapsulated in its own method.

Extensions:
The same extensions from last week shouls be implemented into the shop
class.

Extra extension:
Convert the customer into its own class with its own name, cash amount,
and inventory. In the inventory dictionary, instead of a price for each 
item, customers should track the amount of items they have.
Example:
Shop class:     shop().items["rusty sword"] == 100.00 (price)
Customer class: customer().items["rusty sword"] == 5 (amount)
The shop class should also refer to the customer by name by reading the
name attribute of the customer object (ideally, the customer should have
a get_name() method instead of allowing direct access to its name)

Extra extension 2:
Create an Item class that includes the item's name, its description, and
its price. Re-index the inventories on the user and the shop to use the 
newly-created item objects as indices. When this is done, both the shop
and the customer will keep track of the amount of available items. If
the amount of a given item in the inventory reaches zero, the key
corresponding to the item must be removed from the inventory dictionary.
If this extension is implemented correctly, you will notice that once an
item disappears from the inventory, the shop's "sell" method will
automatically display "I have no {item} to sell", without the programmer
having to implement a specific check for it.

Challenge (hard):
Store function pointers to the class's methods in a dictionary and use
them in the run() method instead of calling each function separately